# Users

First off, lets talk about the vernacular we use to describe a user in REV23 Desktop. We currently use the term "Employee" to describe anyone working in your studio or logging into your system. Though, we're planning on renaming this to 'User' in a future version. Be it a W2 employee, 1099'd contractor, a guest artist, or your accountant, they're are currently referred to as employees. This was what we decided to name them, there is no relevance to their actual employment status with your business.

It is recommended that an employee record be created for each worker in your studio. Whether an owner, manager, tattoo artist, piercer or front desk. In order for an employee to actually log on to REV23 Desktop, they will need to be assigned at least one role. Users without a role do not appear on the log on screen. Some studios only allow specific people to log on to the system such as managers and receptionists. In those cases they go with the "no touching!" policy for tattoo artists. In this case, since the artists have no need to log on, they just be not assigned to a role and they won't show up on the log on screen.

Along with the employee's profile, several options exist on the employee record such as requiring them to clock-in/clock-out, their hourly rate, and retail and deposit commission percentages. What about tattoo and piercing commissions you say? Don't worry, those come in the form of Employee Service Types. 

## Connected Studio Behavior

A single employee can exist in multiple studios with different roles, service types, hourly rates, etc... Instead of creating a duplicate user for each of your studios, use the Connect Employees action to bring in select employees from other studios that do not exist in the currently logged on studio. When you open the Employee Detail View, some properties are specific to the current studio, so changing them there will not change them in all studios. You can see each studio the user is connected to in the Employee Detail View's Locations list.